Address comments from Tim Winters in #233 (#251)
IETF-OPSAWG-WG/draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis: draft-ietf-opsawg-rfc5706bis.md

   possible to generate the operations necessary to get from A to B with
   minimal state changes and effects on network and systems.

>    Protocol Designers should account for path MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. See Section 6.1 of {{?RFC8900}} and {{?RFC8899}} for guidance on path MTU discovery and handling MTU constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Protocol Designers should account for MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. See {{Section 6.1 of ?RFC8900}} and {{?RFC8899}} for guidance on path MTU discovery and handling MTU constraints at various layers.
```

>    Protocol Designers should account for MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. See {{Section 6.1 of ?RFC8900}} and {{?RFC8899}} for guidance on path MTU discovery and handling MTU constraints at various layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Protocol Designers should account for MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. {{?RFC8899}} specifies path MTU discovery for datagram transports, and {{Section 6.1 of ?RFC8900}} gives recommendations for protocol developers on avoiding reliance on IP fragmentation.
```

>    Protocol Designers should account for MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. See {{Section 6.1 of ?RFC8900}} and {{?RFC8899}} for guidance on path MTU discovery and handling MTU constraints at various layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Protocol Designers should account for MTU constraints when designing protocols that carry management traffic, including any reduction in effective payload size introduced by tunnel or encapsulation overhead. {{?RFC8899}} specifies path MTU discovery for datagram transports, and {{Section 6.1 of ?RFC8900}} gives recommendations for protocol developers on avoiding reliance on IP fragmentation.
```

>    When IP is used as part of the operation and management solution itself (e.g., to carry telemetry, logging, or configuration traffic), Protocol Designers should consider how that traffic behaves over the IP underlay. This includes considering all aspects of IPv6, reducing the need for fragmentation, making appropriate use of the path MTU, and accounting for the behavior of the solution when its traffic traverses tunnels. Refer to XXX:IP-MTU-REF:XXX for detailed advice on MTU, fragmentation, and tunnel behavior.

Reviewer: I don't parse well the "when IP ..".

I think referring to the guidance in https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8900#section-6.1 for MTU/fragmentation may be sufficient.

MTU/tunnelling issues are discissed in https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/[draft-ietf-intarea-tunnels-15](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-intarea-tunnels-15) (but that doc si there for almost 15 years. If cited, please make it informative.

Several of these concerns are also applicable for the transport layer. Mechanims such as DPLPMTUD (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8899, for example) can be considered as PMTU mau fail.

Reviewer 3: I tend to agree with Med. Referring to this text in (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8900#section-6.1 ...

Developers SHOULD NOT develop new protocols or applications that rely on IP fragmentation. When a new protocol or application is deployed in an environment that does not fully support IP fragmentation, it SHOULD operate correctly, either in its default configuration or in a specified alternative configuration.

... is sufficient.
It seems that the current proposal paraphrases the already published RFC8900 BCP.
